hey guys um in this lesson I'm going to
kind of skip ahead for some of you guys
who already know a little bit how to
play guitar maybe probably figured out
the chords you know how to strum and got
all the rhythm down and everything this
is a real simple song a song that I
think anybody can like it's we're going
to be friends by the white stripes if
you're not familiar with white stripes
i'm sure you've at least seen the movie
the polling dynamite if you haven't go
out and run up by it watch it thousand
times it's really good but at the very
beginning and introduction to the movie
this song is playing whenever they're
showing the credits at the very
beginning so it's a really cool song if
you don't have the CD hopefully get the
DVD of the movie and you can listen to
it and play along i'm going to show you
it's a real simple song and i'm going to
show you a pretty simplified version
it's actually not much simpler than how
jack white plays it but not going to
stick exactly the way places because he
I'm sure he doesn't even play it the
same way twice you can actually hear a
couple of things that I would say or
maybe mistakes but it sounds just fine
because he makes up for them the things
you're going to need to know you need to
know for different chords with this song
you need to know G which in second
lesson I taught you how to play G and in
this one in this case you hardly even
have to know how to play it you really
only need the finger 11 string there's a
different way to play G than this way a
lot of times I'll play and a lot of
times we'll see folks in your son Bob
Dylan did this a lot or you'll play a G
this way
because it makes it easier to transition
back to C and G really fast like that so
I'm going to kind of play it the way he
does but you're not going to play the
whole the whole chord you're just going
to be playing a couple notes in the cord
and so the way the song goes is you're
going to be doing this on every beat of
the measure in between those you're
going to be alternating between the g
string and the B string and those are
going to be open so no fingers on any
frets except for your ring finger on the
3rd fret of the top string that's going
to sound like this notice I'm not
playing with a pic it's a lot easier to
play the song finger style and i'm only
using three fingers and using my thumb
for this node and then i alternate
between my index finger and middle
finger for the other two notes so again
it sounds like this
you
okay and that's the that's the intro to
the song now go ahead and sing the first
verse and play it for you so you know
you can hear this in context what I'm
going to do is I'm going to be going bit
from C or from G to C and then back to G
and then d c and g again alright so it's
going to sound like this fall's here the
back to spoon ring the bell brand new
shoes walking blues find the fence books
and pens I can tell that we are gonna be
friends so i can tell that we are gonna
be friends
okay that's the first verse and all the
other verses sound exactly that way on
guitar so I'm going to play that slowly
for you so we play the intro again and
then G
see thank you d GG do you get see
I'm playing all the same strings for G
and C it with d I move my index finger
and the middle finger down the string so
I'll play in the B and the E strings on
that one so again here's here's how you
play G
and the sea is probably like this
and then the G again d is played again
you play the D and then you play on the
be a strings you probably hear some
inconsistencies on whether i play the
bottom string before the foot the string
before it if you listen to the original
he goes back and forth he plays a lot of
lots of times we'll play a G and a
different formation it doesn't really
matter as long as you get that pattern
down it's going to sound you nobody's
going to do guys going to care whether
or not you change it up so all the
verses sound just like that the second
part is the the bridge and it's the the
one part that sounds different than the
rest starts with when he says we don't
notice any time pass I'll go and play
for you you don't notice any time has
we don't notice anything we sit side by
side in every class teacher thinks that
I sound funny but she likes the way you
see it's not all tree okay that's so
that's the bridge and notice that it has
the same chords in except he throw an A
in there I think the way he plays it he
probably plays it up on the next
somewhere because I hear this this note
sneak in at one point we feel listen
really closely but i'm just going to
show you how to play with the normal
open a chord so at the beginning of the
bridge it starts out with C think is the
G let's see again
now goes to a
see you again d all right back to G
that's the next verse so those are the
two main parts of two only parts in the
song the only last thing to learn is at
the very end when he says that content
or i can tell that we are gonna make
friends he just strums the g and you can
play the G the way I played it or the
this way you learn to this way and
that's the end of the song so go find
the recording downloaded on iTunes or if
you get the DVD of the only time I just
throw it in watch the first couple
minutes of it and play along with
recording play along with the video if
that's easier and you'll be able to play
that song pretty simple alright see you
guys next for the next lesson